Baby Mate
The intended purpose of this program is to be an all purpose tracker of infants through from 0 days to 12 months old. The target audience for this program will primarily be first time parents. This program will help them keep track of milestones, doctors appointments, feeding times, as well as how many time the parent changed the infants diaper.
Event Calendar: The program’s primary interface will be an event calendar where users can choose a date, and input data into that date. The calendar will have two view options: Grid and list. When a user chooses a date, the interface the user will get an option to add a new event. To add a new event, the interface will need to have a “+” symbol, once the user clicks the “+” symbol, a window will pop up with an option for the user to type in the title of the event. Once the user inputs the title of the event, the interface will then allow the user to input whatever data, and the data will reflect under that category title. When viewing the event calendar, the calendar will not reflect the specific data that belongs to each category, instead the calendar will only list the event, and the user can click that even to see further details. This will prevent the calendar with becoming oversaturated with details. 
Milestones: When the user first starts the program, the user will have to input data. The data will be: Baby’s BirthDate, Height, and Weight. The only mandatory information that the user needs to input is the BirthDate, the user will have the option to opt out of Height and Weight. Once the user inputs the data, the event calendar will appear. Average baby milestones will be updated on the event calendar on each corresponding date. The user will have the option to click the milestone. When the milestone is selected, the program will populate a text file that will have information on that milestone, as well as a guide on how the user can help the baby with said milestone. 
Feeding Times: Along with the event calendar, the program will also have a feedingtime tracker. When the user first uses the feeding times, it will automatically recommend feeding time intervals based on the baby’s age. The user will also have the option on choosing their own intervals, example: Feed every 2 hours”. The feeding time tracker must be entirely customizable. For example, if the feeding time tracker is set for every 2 hours, the user will be able to adjust the times in the event that one feeding time wasn’t on the second hour. Whenever the user updates data, the feeding time tracker will adjust the 2 hour interval based on the last time the user indicated a feeding time. For example, if every feeding time was set for two hours, the feeding times will be 6 am, 8 am, 10 am. However, if the second feeding time was at 9 am, the tracker will adjust the intervals to reflect 9 am, 11 am, 1 pm. The confirmed feeding times must be automatically updated to reflect on the event calendar, and should be listed as “Feedings”. Additionally, the user will be able to indicate in ounces, how much milk that was used during the feeding.
Diaper Change Tracker: This will work similar to the feeding time tracker, as when the user updates this tracker, it will reflect on the event calendar. The user will be able to input diaper changes, this will help the user keep track of how many diapers the baby went through, which is crucial during doctors appointments. Similar to the feeding time tracker, the event calendar will automatically be updated and have a “Diaper Change” category. The user will be able to click on this category to view how many times they have changed the diaper, as well as input new diaper changes.

